the idea of prawns on the barbie sounds
fantastic but quite often they end up
looking like this poor fella
the shell is off bird stuck to the flesh
very difficult appeal they're not really
enjoyable to eat so here's a way we can
do it just a matter of putting your
prawns on the flight rent amount evenly
you can use whatever flavor you like
garlic the garlic with a chilly little
lemongrass lemon pepper whatever you
prefer a couple of these things with
garlic and then we grab about six sheets
of newspaper that have been sitting in
the water for about half an hour
and just type that down around the edges
be careful cuz it'll get very
quick I like to use the Travel section
is the most exotic flavor to it the
political thinking gets a little bit
boring and bland so just keep that then
about four minutes is all it's gonna
take about four or five hundred grams of
film and we'll leave that cook now and
we'll come back in a bit
four minutes well I've been on there for
about four minutes now so I'll get them
off now there's a lot of steam
underneath there still so it's a good
idea to lift the paper up away from you
so the steam comes up away from you we
can drop that back in the water if we
wish and we can do that another for
another lot of problems you can see that
beautifully cooked this change colour
and all we need to do now is enjoy now
you can see a little bit of a different
play from that to that
I'm a yeoman taste test in there